That's the fake news I put out on purpose.
Don't do it
No one will help me
If you really believe that there are 50 years of my troops in it
Then these people are idiots
I seriously doubt that you are a
Shouldn't you?
No, we haven't gone out together in a long time.
Granddaughter, take me too
Cockroach, your damage is not good.
Have a good rest
Oh, by the way, your soup is delicious.
Then when you come back, I'll make you another bowl.
Thanks grandpa
Do you really think that soup is delicious?
How could it possibly taste good?
No sense of taste
How dare you?
Didn't I do that to make Mr. Zhang happy?
In fact, it is very simple to make Mr. Zhang happy.
You can call him grandpa twice and have a good day
I'm not afraid of lying.
When did you
It's getting dark tonight, don't you want to go shopping?